# ann_model_concrete_strength
ANN Model for Predicting Compressive Strength of Alkali Activated Slag Concrete Cured at Environmental Temperature. Worked on data taken from this paper doi: 10.14704/nq.2022.20.6.NQ22044
NeuroQuantology | June 2022 | Volume 20 | Issue 1 | Page 441-450 | doi: 10.14704/nq.2022.20.6.NQ22044
Veeresh Karikatti et al / ANN Model for Predicting Compressive Strength of Alkali Activated Slag Concrete Cured at Environmental Temperature  

ABSTRACT OF PAPER: 
In alkali activated slag concrete, the alkaline activator technology is the most important factor. Ground Granulated Blast Furnace Slag (GGBS) is a type of slag with unique properties such as workability, strength, cost, time savings, and high construction efficiency. This research work concentrates on experimental analyses on mix design by varying different parameters such as binder ratio of 0.4, 0.5 & 0.6, percentage of superplasticizer as 1.5%, 2%, 3%, 4% & 5% and percentage of extra water as 15% & 20% to get the optimum mix proportion for 100% GGBS. To assess compressive strength at 3, 7, and 28 days after curing, an Artificial Neural Network (ANN) model is suggested. The compressive strength of Alkali Activated Slag Concrete (AASC) with different variables obtained by experimental work was used to develop an ANN model. A compact Neural architecture 4-4-3, with sigmoid as transfer function in model is used to predict the concrete strength. After proper evaluation, the model developed was found to be successful with appreciable accuracy. The ANN architecture is novel, as it tries to predict 3 different days compressive strength in just one single forward pass of input parameters.
